## The Santa Barbara experience


After such a successful first trip, we were excited to get out on the road again. The travel bug has sunk their teeth into our soft flesh. We felt like van life had fundamentally changed our brain chemistry/outlook at life, even just driving around the town we lived in had us looking for public bathrooms and road clearance signs as if we didn't have an apartment to go back to. We felt like every day on the road would be like a vacation and santa barbara took a look at our fresh shiny, optimistic faces then decided to hit us over the head with a sharp smack of reality.
To be completely honest... we weren't a fan of most of this trip. Everyday was not a vacation and finding a parking spot even just to go into a grocery store while driving this mega vehicle, felt like commiting a crime. There are signs **allll over** santa barbara that prohibits "oversized" vehicles from parking anywhere on the streets within city limits. Obviously, this is not enforced but it could be. We were side eyed by the local everywhere we went and there were officers slowing down to a crawl as they passed us (warning us?) on the city streets. You don't realize how difficult it is to live an alternative lifestyle until you try it and realize how well the [hostile architecture](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hostile_architecture) has been built up around you. 
Don't get us wrong, the beaches were stunning, the flowers in the parks were beautiful and it was a lovely environment to walk around in with a cup of tea in hand. One unexpected experience we've come to love is being able to prepare a small snack or a cup of tea on the road and enjoy it in a beautiful place. It has helped us to be more mindful of not just our surroundings but of the things that we **actually** value, good food and our appreciate our bodies. It forced us to look at our life a bit, realizing that we live with lot of unnecessary excess. Those things don't bring us happiness but they do fill time and distract us from the things that make life feel...empty. 


We initially decided to go to santa barbara for a work thing which led to Jess sleeping in a city parking lot while Jevon spent some hours wrangling cables, negotiating with AI or whatever they do in IT. Despite how busy this parking lot was, it was a better experience than whatever demons(I think they call them...children?) were out at night in monterey. It'll definitely be something to get used to, getting up not because we want to but because if we don't we'll be forced to.  


## To Los Padres!!

After walking through the mall - I mean, downtown of santa barbara, we took our country bumpkin butts to the forest where we belonged.
We were going on Jevon's first backpacking trip! Wooooooooooo! This was hands down our favorite part of the entire trip. We stayed at **Forbush Flat Camp** in **Los Padres**. It was a short hike to stunning views and we had the campsite all to ourselves. Whenever we've gone hiking or camping, we always marvel at how much you can tell that people who care about nature, started and maintain a way for others to get comfortable in the wild without being too invasive. There were at least 2 campsites available at only 2 miles in with plenty of space for people to share campsites, a tiolet(which was literally just a regular tiolet in the woods) and a stream nearby for refilling water (filtered of course).
